What is up guys and what KMAX so before going up into our speed optimization I thought why not just
go with our CEO comp. or c section and then we'll be moving on with our speed optimization.
So let's just create a new section for speed optimization and then we can also include the free SSL
that I promised in the video when we were registering our new meaning.
Ok so let's get started.
First of all you can see that we are totally done with our general settings.
OK.
Or the dashboard you can see we have a general settings here are features here that you would have to
make sure that everything is enabled.
We have a company info that we have already added we have or mastered Dewald that Vivat work when we
will understand each and every thing here.
And then we have this security so make it disable OK do not enable it.
So let's just go ahead and let's just go to the title and meters and let's see what they are.
So you guys already know about the title and the metal.
OK.
Now if I just come here and I just view my website and you can see how it is looking.
Home how we create a WP site and this is right here.
So you can select anything.
I have already chosen from the dashboard.
OK so then we come here and we have the home page so we can change the home page and the front page
title.
OK that view will be changing.
You can just click here and you will be taken to the home page.
OK.
Let me just click here and I'll be taken to my home page and let me show you how you change your title.
So now here you can see this is my title that is coming into his home and then separator and then it
has the how to create a double B site.
So it is like this.
And you can change it if you want to.
OK you can just click here and it's going to be right here you can see this is right here the title
the separator.
And then we have the site.
So it is exactly like this if you want to change it you can change it.
And I would highly recommend you to change your title to the keyword.
You can make sure that your keyboard is coming here.
Your main key word like W.P. situs coming here.
It can be like create a double p site and then you can be like home and just you can add a tagline of
your company as well.
So that would be great.
Instead of this homecoming right here.
OK.
So you can change it.
You can also add the slug here.
The meta description which I have already told you.
So I didn't think so if I have to explain this already again.
OK so you can see how we can change everything from here.
Now let's go back to our title and metals and let's go to post.
So in the post you can see that it's going to be like a default one.
OK.
This is going to just work with this template.
OK the title is going to be coming here.
The page is going to come in then the separator and the site name.
Let me show you a live example if I just open this up.
OK.
And then I open up any of the posts.
Suppose that this is the post.
OK.
I just open it up and I just hit at it and I just go down.
And now here you will see that this is Title Page separator and the site name.
So the title page is not coming here.
I'm sorry guys this is a Preter is right here.
I didn't see this.
Is this a traitor.
And then you have the same name right here.
It is how do you create a WB site.
So this is how it's going to work.
It's going to give you a default template.
OK.
And then in here you can also get the metta box here that you can.
But I would highly recommend you to keep this empty so that you can basically enter a metal tag heuer
self and keep a habit of adding METAR description to your every page because this is so much necessary.
Like this.
We have the page right here and it's going to just grab it for every page.
We have the media so media is like the image that you have.
So if you have any of that image it's going to create a separate page for that image if I just open
it up.
OK.
And then I just open this image OK.
And then I just go to View attachment Bache.
This is my attachment page.
This is the title WordPress website it doesn't.
18 this is the title of the image.
OK.
And then they tell you how to create a double beside.
I also have the description of this image of gray.
So this is how it is look and it is following the exact team here.
So do not mess with it.
OK because this is not necessary to just change anything here.
I'm just telling you that how the default template is going to be appearing.
OK you can change it.
OK you can change it from here.
You can just add anything here and you can see this is being changed here but we're not going to change
it.
We're going to use the default one.
OK.
So let's come here and let's go to our taxonomies taxonomies means category and the tags so you guys
already know about the category and the tag.
So this is going to follow the categories a template and this is going to follow the tags template.
OK so this is I'm just giving you a basic introduction of them that how it's going to look.
OK.
And I would not recommend you to just change anything from here until unless you want to.
OK so you can see if I just go to categories right now and then I just open up this Uncategorized.
OK.
Now you can see that this Uncategorized has all.
So this and categorize are caves.
OK so you can change it if you want to.
And you can change it if you can change it then why you have to just assign anything to the category
section from there.
OK.
From the taxonomy So then we have the archives.
You don't have to mess with anything here.
It's going to be like the date archives and the search phrase search pages and also the 4:0 forward
template.
So we have this right now and it's going to be like some pages of archives.
It's going in next.
It means that the second page of the blog page.
OK so if you just so happened to be example of a blog page I hope that is the s2.
Yes.
If he just have so many blog posts.
OK.
And then we go to the next page Dan the Google ville the Google index that page or Google will leave
that page.
So it is asking you about that.
OK if I just go down and I just open this up second one.
OK so this is the one.
OK so this is right here to Google Ville index this page.
If this is said to index and use a keyword obviously.
OK.
I don't know why you do want to meet a keyword count.
OK so key word is not mental description is enabled.
OK.
But this should be kept this simple but if you want to enable the key word stock so how to be like OK
it's going to give the keywords in the description.
So if you want to enable it you can enable it.
OK but let's just keep it disabled.
OK so it doesn't matter if you just enable it or disable it.
It totally depends upon you.
OK but if you enable it and then take the changes OK then what will happen is that it will give the
Google an extra Staggs of the keywords that you have.
So but since we are not giving the Google the keywords that is why I will keep it disabled.
OK.
So you can see that we are totally done with the title and made to us let's come here to social and
then we have here the social profiles so here you can create your social profiles and then he can add
them here.
We have the Facebook.
So Facebook is like it's going to be like a default image you are l how this is going to look.
You can see that if you share any of the posts you were able to your Facebook page then Facebook grabs
the image of the link.
So this is exactly referring to that image like if you need any default image for the post are pages
that does not contain any image.
Then you can choose this one.
So it's going to be like a default image.
It can be a banner of your web site or something like that.
Then we have the Twitter we have Pinterest and we have the Google Plus So you can enter your Google
publisher page and their Pinterest you can confirm your site Pinterest.
You can go to Twitter.
And then you can also just see the Twitter metor that guard is in the head section or not.
But Facebook is I think he was the most.
So you can work with this if you want to.
And I would recommend you to add a banner to your image so that if anyone is sharing the link then your
banner athletes at least comes in it.
OK let me show you a live example if I just opened up Facebook.
OK.
And then I want to see any of that link.
Let me show you any link you can see this is the link that is being sponsored by Hostetter.
If I just see you can see this is the title this is the description and then this is the image that
is coming so this is how exactly the link works.
OK let me show you another example of things you can see this in the title.
This is the description and then this is the image that is coming.
OK.
So it is working like this.
So now what I'm going to do.
You can see this is how it works.
Now we are totally done with Facebook Twitter and Pinterest.
Let's go to axonal site maps Ex-Im multi-byte maps is a really important thing and we will be covering
this later on.
Let's go to advance.
We have the enabled breadcrumbs.
This is very important.
OK.
You should be enabling this just enable it and that's all.
Show blog page Shabelle.
That's all.
Leave everything to be normal OK and then make sure that this has enabled some of the websites to have
the bread crumbs but you should be enabling this.
OK.
So then we have the permalink and the permalink.
You can strip the category base and everything.
So these things are not very much necessary.
OK.
These tools are also not very much necessary.
The search console is that you have to register your site for the Google.
OK so I'll show you that in the next video and then we have the premium.
So these were the settings that were just the normal settings I gave you a basic introduction of how
it works.
OK.
So now since we're totally done with that and then the next video I'll show you how can you work with
the same old site maps and how can you some video replay to Google and bring in other search engines
so Stadion and.